Update PublicFolderShowClientControl info (#10749)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Set-OrganizationConfig.md

```

### -PublicFolderShowClientControl

> The PublicFolderShowClientControl parameter enables or disables control access feature to public folders in Microsoft Outlook. Valid values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PublicFolderShowClientControl parameter enables or disables the control access feature to public folders in Microsoft Outlook. Valid values are:
```

> - $true: Users can or cannot access public folders in Outlook based on the PublicFolderClientAccess parameter on the Set-CASMailbox cmdlet (the default value is $false).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $true: Users can or cannot access public folders in Outlook based on the PublicFolderClientAccess parameter in the Set-CASMailbox cmdlet (the default value is $false).
```

> - $false: User can access public folders and you will not control access public folders in Outlook based on PublicFolderClientAccess parameter on the Set-CASMailbox cmdlet. This is the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $false: Users can access public folders and you cannot control access to public folders in Outlook based on the PublicFolderClientAccess parameter in the Set-CASMailbox cmdlet. This is the default value.
```
